All right, so let's return our home page or alternatively, our home view back to its correct implementation.
So instead of this terrible H1 will have our old hero component.
So I'll navigate back to the S code.
And of course, where I want to head is our views directory in source.
We currently have two views or two pages.
I want to go to home view and right now it's just rendering this one.
So in our script section, let's import the correct component and the top level component that renders
everything, including the headline.
And the form is actually called our hero component.
It has been a little while, but it's called hero.
And we can find that component within our components directory.
The job search folder and the hero component is there.
And then of course, we register it locally.
So components property with an object.
Now we can provide hero and we can use it in line.
And that's really all I want to render in my home view component.
So I'm just going to render a self-closing hero component.
And if I navigate back to my browser, perfect.
Now our home page at the slash root.
Root is back to normal.
And if I go to slash job results, here's where we can start building out our eventual job results page.
And of course, as I mentioned, we do have the back and forward buttons working in our browser.
We set up that functionality.
When the user does this, the user is still not refreshing, the user simply going back and forth and
Vue is still dynamically rebuilding the proper components onto the page.
That's why I can be a pretty quick transition because it's just JavaScript working in your browser,
right?
So pretty cool stuff.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.